In this module we will learn more about the I want to project structure how that works what was created
for us there.
And how does an ironic to actually get started.
Then we'll dive into how navigation works in ionic two applications because that differs significantly
to a normal angler to web application.
We will also learn the difference between pages and components and how both concepts are connected and
then dive deeper into pages how to create them how to use them and which lifecycle they follow.
We will also have a look at ionic two components all those built in components which allow us to create
you full native applications where we can learn more about them how to use them and then we will also
have a look at how we can adjust the styling and the theme of our application to our needs.
So there are all the basics covered and always keep in mind all the things you are learning and this
module will later then be used in all the apps we build.
So here we're laying out the very important fundamentals but we're done extensively going to practice
it for this course in all the apps we're building.